%The broad spectrum of representative applications make it prohibitively expensive to perform evaluation with all workloads especially for simulator based research. Inspired by previous research~\cite{eeckhout2003quantifying,eeckhout2002workload,phiansalkar2007analysisab,phansalkar2007subsetting}, this tool can produce a subset of the whole set of workloads according to the performance data profiler collected. The procedure is showed in Figure~\ref{tool}.
%Removing correlation is needed before subsetting.
%Because the collected metrics may be correlated.
%The correlated data can skew analysis---many correlated metrics will overemphasize a particular property's importance. So we eliminate correlated data before subsetting.Principle Component Analysis (PCA) is used for removing such correlated data, which is a statistical procedure that uses an orthogonal transformation to convert a set of possibly correlated  data of into a set of values of linearly uncorrelated variables called principal components. Our tool uses Kaiser's Criterion to choose the number of principle components (PCs).  That is, only the top few PCs, which have eigenvalues greater than or equal to one, are kept. With those PCs, each workload can be represented by a vector which is ensured to be uncorrelated while capturing most of the original information.

%After eliminating the correlation, we use K-means clustering algorithm to group the whole set of workloads into K similarly behaving application clusters and then users can choose a representative workload from each cluster.
%We integrate K-means clustering algorithm into our tool.
%It partitions the workloads into K clusters. In order to cluster all the workloads into reasonable subclasses, our tool use the Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC) to choose the proper K value.%, in case that users do not have idea about the K value. The BIC is a measure of the 'goodness of fit' of the clustering. The larger the BIC scores, the higher the probability that the clustering is a good fit to the performance data. Our tool will determine the K value that yields the highest BIC score.
%After the clustering, the user can choose one representative workload from each cluster.



